Greeking Out
Spielhaus
Melbourne Fringe Festival
    • Published on October 10, 2025
    • By Deanna Amato

Spielhaus
October 6, 2025 – October 12, 2025
More Info
Greeking Out, created and performed by Rebecca Perich feels a little like first day of class—if your teacher was equal parts mythologist, stand-up comic and exuberant ringleader. Professor Ari strides out, lays down the rules with the authority of a strict but cheeky (and pretty convincing Grecian) history teacher. Suddenly, we’re being revved & lectured; trifles take on a new meaning and call-and-response is less about discipline and more about delight.
The show anchors itself in myth, but not as you’ve read it in textbooks. Annotated story-time sequences and bursts of analogies, twist familiar tales into something fresh. Whether you lean into the audience participation or hang back, it’s funny either way—a mark of a performer who knows how to keep the reins loose while still steering the ride.
There’s a steady layering at play here. Anecdotes are folded in with mythic retellings, landing with eerie modern relevance. At one point, I caught myself questioning if the accent was a performance, her pronunciation seemed precise. By the halfway mark, I wondered if this might be a woman stepping into her own Goddess hood, broadcasting her passion, filtering ancestry, academia and comedy into one living myth buster.
Lighting and sound effects transport us from classroom to labyrinth, weaving in side quests that give the whole performance surprising depth & sense. Vocabulary lessons become acts of cultural translation, “joining the dots” between ancient Greece and archetypes in today’s pop culture, while surprisingly delivering a multi-sensory experience.
Myths continue to be unpacked—all threaded through the framework of the hero’s journey. And yet, with a wicked grin, she undercuts the very narrative she’s tracing: suddenly the punchline lands and a plot twist clicks into place: she’s been straddling past and present in order to set a few records straight.
An absolutely joyous, triumphant offering to Fringe: funny, thoughtful, layered and alive with the hottest ancient gossip.

