Mary Poppins
Karralyka Theatre
MDMS
    • Published on June 18, 2025
    • By Deanna Amato
From the very first moment, MDMS’s Mary Poppins at Karralyka Theatre, swept us up and transported us to Cherry Tree Lane, where a full-scale, life-sized “dollhouse” opens to reveal the Banks family residence. It’s impossible not to be wowed by the sheer magnitude of the giant painted box that opens to reveal a gorgeous multi-level home with period arches, stained glass windows and a banister staircase leading to the children’s bedroom in the attic, a whole new set & scene, topped off with a terrace perched high above the rooftop with a sublimely animated skyline of active chimney tops. During some transitions, the house glided to the front or back of stage, adding to the illusion of zooming in and out of the action unfolding, we were constantly wowed by the contrast between backdrops, décor and tailored costumes… an absolute feast for the senses.
Director Anne Dewar masterfully navigates a massive cast with remarkable cohesion. The entire production pulses with momentum and heart. At every turn, Amber Orchard’s choreography is sensational! The perfectly synchronised movement had all that fabulous fabric swishing and skirts swirling. A show-stopping tap routine had the whole cast joyously filling the stage with rhythmic magic enticing the audience to clap along gleefully to every step in time!
The atmosphere is elevated by Yaz Sesta’s lighting and Brenton Van Vliet’s stunning projection and video design. From moody London rooftops to the kaleidoscopic dream of the park scenes, digital artistry, light and smoke weave together to create theatrical alchemy. One particularly mesmerising moment sees a park dissolve into a pulsing, technicolour wonderland, alive with dancing statues and a delightful parade full of frills, flounces and bows.
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is the highlight it deserves to be, yet another explosion of colour and joy. Nicole Kapiniaris-Anson is electric as Mrs Corry, leading the charge with playful grandeur, supported by her beaming daughters in a number that radiates uncontainable energy and flair.
Jason Sainsbury-King as Bert opens and closes the show with charm and warmth; his journey bookended and woven with humour and heart. And at the centre of it all, Hannah Simos-Garner is every inch Mary Poppins. She exudes grace, grounded presence, calm yet commanding and utterly captivating. Marina Martin’s performance as the Bird Woman is tender and powerful, delivered with depth and softness, it felt like the entire theatre held its breath to listen. Cale Maclaren and Kelliann Brady are most endearing, bringing nuance and sincerity as George and Winifred Banks, while standout Felicity Eastwood is a comedic gem as the sharp-tongued housekeeper Mrs Brill, delivering impeccable timing & wit. And all the children in the cast held their own with confidence and charm, lighting up every scene they were in. With too many amazing moments to mention, musical director Vicki Quinn kept the orchestra crisp and buoyant, Mary Poppins by MDMS is an expertly crafted wonder. Brimstone Cast’s practically perfect opening was filled with laughter, wonder and joy. Unexpected magic, chimney smoke, moonlit rooftops and heart-melting penguins… this production has it all!
Closes June 22 at the Karralyka Theatre

