My Brilliant Apocalypse: The Return of Barry Brilliant
Panarcadian Association
Melbourne Fringe Festival
    • Published on October 19, 2024
    • By Deanna Amato
Photo Credit: Tamara Jane
“My Brilliant Apocalypse: The Return of Barry Brilliant” at the Melbourne Fringe Festival is an artistically, critical thought, provoking experience that builds excitement from the beginning. The reception was warm, and the atmosphere felt like a grand celebration under chandeliers. Almost like a bridal party welcoming us into a world of wonder after the surprising amount of cast entered the ballroom single file to take their places on the stage. Over the next few hours, these passionate & dedicated souls each evoked the personas of multiple characters & diligently delivered whoever they were, in each moment.
The story, the whole series (as this was part one of five) is a vision that has been with its writer, producer & director; Adrian D’Aprano, 22 years in the making and has become his wish, manifesting to heal aspects of the world that challenge humanity. He believes storytelling is magic and this is his legacy.
The opening score masterfully blends classical & indigenous elements with a modern twist, featuring hauntingly beautiful sounds of the didgeridoo. This unique touch adds a profound depth to the performance, creating an immediate connection.
The surround sound & lighting was incredibly effective, transforming the ballroom into a dynamic incorporated stage, submerging the audience in the performance. The creative use of the entire space, not only the stage, but also including the entrance & alcoves, had spectators surrounded and engaged. What usually would happen behind a stage curtain was masterfully executed in the darkness of the wings all around us.
The narrative is a therapeutic journey through themes of stunted creativity, conspiracy theories, and ultimately, the power of human consciousness. The sound effects were synchronised appropriately & enhanced the acting, setting each scene. The diverse cast, all deserving of recognition for their great acting, brought the story to life with the delivery of multiple personalities & varying accents.
The show invites people to laugh in the face of an uncertain future, tackling confronting topics like violence & homelessness, boldly offering a window into the shadow aspects of our existence and the struggles within a psyche, within a system, where the “wrong” choice in the eyes of control, could result in being admitted to a psychiatric hospital. It explores the idea that the only cure is to keep creating! For there could possibly be nothing worse than to live or die, with an untold story inside us.
Flashbacks and scenes with Barry add multiple worlds & layers to the story, revealing the complexities of secret societies, self-realisation, parallel universes and the infinite creator.
The show delves into the microcosm of society, exploring themes of destiny, control, and the willingness to let go and start over. It challenges the audience to see the system for what it is and to take destiny into their own hands.
“My Brilliant Apocalypse: The Return of Barry Brilliant” comes full circle, unveiling a unique theatrical experience & could very well be, a pilot for a TV series, as we look forward to the next episode.

