Seussical The Musical
Carey Baptist Grammar School - Ian Woolf Auditorium 349 Barkers Rd, Kew VIC 3101
OCPAC
    • Published on October 3, 2024
    • By Deanna Amato
OPAC’s recent production of Seussical was nothing short of magical. This vibrant and heartwarming musical brought the world of Dr. Seuss to life with a diverse cast representing different cultural backgrounds & gender identities, all bringing their unique lived experiences to their roles with outstanding talent and a dedicated production crew.
   
The show was anchored by a charismatic portrayal of the Cat in the Hat by recent VCA graduate Cassie Ogle whose playful energy, impeccable timing, striking vocal & facial expressions, kept the audience engaged & amused from start to finish.
Stephanie Smith-Gard shone as the sweet and determined JoJo, delivering a performance full of charm and vulnerability. Her rendition of “It’s Possible” was a highlight, both inspiring and touching. Leaving us overwhelmed with joy following the hunch, proving that anything really is possible.
   
Will Maloney portrayed Horton the Elephant with a gentle & endearing strength, capturing the character’s unwavering loyalty and kindness to his “little friend”. The Harmony in “Another Place” with JoJo and duet with Gertrude McFuzz, “Alone in the Universe,” were particularly moving, highlighting the beautiful bond between their characters.
Kristen Ryan’s darling demeanour in her chucklesome role of Gertrude, moved freely to and from fierce & hopeless in attempts to be noticed.
   
The production also featured standout performances from Isabella Gangi as the sultry, confident and truly amazing Mayzie LaBird & had the audience cheering mid routine! As did Ariana Rigazzi as the spirited, sassy & Sour Kangaroo, eventually melting hearts with her about turn to tenderness during The People Versus Horton scene, where Matthew Davies’ vocals also left a lasting impression as Yertle the Turtle.
   
The Wickersham Brothers, played by Fredia Lai, Nicholas Zito, and John Sharp, brought a street sense of mischief and fun to the stage with their synchronized antics & soulful voices. Jake Radford and Sarah Cuthbert were hilariously sweet as Mr & Mrs Mayor. We thoroughly enjoyed the presence of commanding General’s comical ways particularly his stomp, enacted by Tim McDonald.
   
The four red birds & entire ensemble were continuously beaming passion for their roles. Their facial & physical expressions were a language of their own. Behind the scenes, the production crew worked tirelessly on this labour of love to create a visually stunning and seamless show.
Joey Phyland in his directional debut along with Angelo Vasilakos, the choreographer, crafted scenes that were both dynamic and cohesive, making excellent use of the shapes on the stage & whimsical miming, ensuring that every moment flowed smoothly into the next. The performances were charged with mighty energy emanating in every direction, incorporating balconies & side stairs to include delightful & surprising interactive moments with the audience.
   
The vibrant set design by Bianca Pardot and the imaginative costumes by Kim Bishop added an extra layer of brilliance to the performance, transporting the audience straight into the pages of Dr. Seuss’s beloved books. Kim Bishop (Green Room Award Winning Costume designer who has previously designed costumes for Anthony Warlow & Todd McKeney) made a stunning amateur theatre, Costume Designing Debut. The bold colour themes contrasting the pastel background meant the audience knew who was who, in which world, in every moment! Such a clever use of modern threads & impeccably fitted elegant attire, with an assortment from animal prints & furs to classic vintage custom garb.
The sets turned out to be exceptional.. quite literally, geometric blocks were rolled around on castors; that at first glance, camouflaged amongst each other to appear as a bare set, with a hat full of promise on a podium. Soon these simplistic playground-like mod shapes unfolded to become marvellous fuel for the imagination. Attention to detail was a wow factor with props such as the brochures & clear plastic umbrellas inviting a sense of wonder.
   
The lighting design by Guy Carrison and sound design by Kirstyn Piercy-Szabo were equally impressive, enhancing or dramatising the mood and atmosphere of each scene perfectly. The live orchestra, conducted by Olivia Jackson and Julian Smith-Gard, provided a rich and lively musical backdrop that brought the score to life along with new harmonies written and created for the four red birds.
   
It’s worth noting that for many members of the production crew, this was their first musical, making the success of the show even more remarkable. Their hard work, passion, and dedication were evident in every aspect of the production, resulting in a truly memorable experience for all who attended.
OPAC’s Seussical was an incredible achievement, showcasing the immense talent and potential of its cast and crew. It was a joyous celebration of creativity, teamwork, and the enduring magic of Dr. Seuss’s stories.
   
Congratulations to everyone involved for delivering such an outstanding and memorable performance!
Show closes on the 5th of October.
Photography by Ben Fon

