Shakespeare-In-Between: Romeo & Juliet
St Kilda South Port Uniting Church (front lawn)
by Scott Jackson and Sorcha Breen
    • Published on November 19, 2024
    • By Deanna Amato
“Shakespeare In Between: Romeo and Juliet” is a remarkable spectacle reimagining the timeless tale, weaving the untold stories of Verona’s residents into the fabric of the original narrative.
Under the masterful directional debut of Scott Jackson, with a script by the innovative Sorcha Breen, this production rejuvenates Shakespeare’s classic with contemporary relevance and satisfying depth, for any Romeo & Juliet who craved more to the story.
The cast were charming & diverse, displaying their exceptional talents & delivering performances that are nothing short of spectacular. Each actor fluidly transitions between multiple roles, costumes & props, demonstrating impressive versatility. The complex casting approach not only highlights the ensembles individual skill but also ensures that the narrative remains dynamic and engaging.
Photo credit: Phoebe Ann Taylor
Jett Chudleigh exuded extraordinary intensity as Tybalt then switching to the roles of Juliet, a Drunk, a Patron, Antoni, a Watchman & Fight Assistant! William Hassall’s commanding presence on the stage could be mistaken for an undercover rockstar, playing the roles of Mercutio, Prince Escalus & a Watchman. Scott Middleton was an endearing standout as Peter, also enacting Romeo, a Citizen & Benvolio. Oscar Morphew brought a mix of hilarity & reverence to his roles as Lord Montague, Friar Laurence, Apothecary, Paris & Sampson. Renee Palmer was flawless & compelling as Lady Capulet & Ariadne. Wolfgang Reed’s musicality was a treat, we were touched not only by his voice but his emotion in his roles as Balthazar, Friar John & Musician. Myles Tankle’s performance guides much of the story & keeps the audience engaged with his comic timing and portrayal of Lord Capulet, Abraham, Drunk & Fight Choreographer. Helen Hopkins made multiple impressions, cherished and bewitching as Nurse, Lively Helena, Rosaline’s Mother & Citizen. Last and absolutely not least was Seon Williams shining in every appearance. Memorable moments were her zealous accent & attitude in her roles of Rosaline, Minstrel, Lady Montague & Polyxena.
A standout feature of this production is the speed & seamlessness with which actors shift between characters. The signature costume pieces swiftly donned during transitions prevent any confusion, allowing the audience to follow the intertwined stories of Romeo and Juliet and the townsfolk simultaneously. This fluidity is a testament to the writers & director’s vision and the actors’ adeptness, enriching the overall viewing experience. The costumes & props by Emma Herben, were both visually pleasing and historically appropriate. Attention to detail in each piece reflects the character’s personality and social status, while also facilitating the quick role changes demanded by the script.
These thoughtful designs in all, enhance the immersive quality of the performance and contribute significantly to the seamless storytelling. This inventive approach not only underscores the timeless nature of Shakespeare’s work but also offers a fresh perspective, effectively blending traditional elements with further insights, making the story of Romeo and Juliet feel both familiar and new. In summary, “Shakespeare In Between: Romeo and Juliet” is an extraordinary production that offers a uniquely enriching, and in this case, outdoor theatrical experience. The combination of a diversely talented cast, visionary direction, and exquisite prop & costume choices to tie it all together, results in a captivating performance and a brilliant reimagining of a much-loved classic.
Theatregoers will get to see this new work outdoors with the church as a backdrop with its bluestone, trees and shrubbery to provide the perfect setting for this story to unfold. Grab yourself a blanket, make yourself comfortable & enjoy seeing live theatre in twilight and under the stars.
The show runs until Saturday 23 November.

