The Lucky Country
Southbank Theatre, The Lawler
Melbourne Fringe Festival
    • Published on October 17, 2025
    • By Deanna Amato

Southbank Theatre
October 13, 2025 – October 18, 2025
More Info
The Lucky Country ushers in a bold new chapter of Australian storytelling. Written, composed, and performed by Vidya Makan and co-created and directed by Sonya Suares, it looks unflinchingly beneath our nation’s murky foundations while extending both gratitude and reverence to the Traditional Owners and tender, loving care to those displaced who so call, Australia home.
Photo credit: Jodie Hutchinson
An embodied acknowledgement of the multitude of shades & threads, entwined to form the fabric of today’s Kulin Nation. It’s artful performing that doesn’t just entertain; it heals by unraveling the lifetimes longing to reconnect. Garret Lyon delivered an emotional rap & slipped into native tongue, promising a journey grounded in truth.
As a first-generation Australian, the story resonated with me in unexpected ways. It spoke to those of us who weren’t taught the real history at school—who’ve been lucky enough to navigate our own experiences of racism and displacement on this land, and in doing so, come to see the broader pain around us. This show asks, quietly but insistently: Lucky country for who?
The set and costume design palette mirror the great southern land — oranges, blues, olives, vibrant & earthy tones that pulse with warmth. Animated backdrops melt into the action with seamless grace & charm. And Vidya Makan’s original songs are nothing short of stunning — as clever & heartfelt, as they are complex. Let’s just say a new musical soundtrack has joined our playlist rotation.
“Growing a Garden” performed by Phoenix Jackson, hits home for any child of an immigrant who learned resilience in a harsh landscape. What follows is fierce and fun, freeze footy choreography that borders on legendary; and many moments of pure laughter followed swiftly by tears. It’s emotional whiplash in the best possible way, complete with an unforgettable pageant scene and a hilarious killer anthem.
By the finale, the Yidaki played by Billy McPherson along with captivating vocals sung by Naarah, cut through the air blessing the space. The audience “Rise” in gratitude. From the hilarious “Hugh Jackman” and the absurd “Dusty Esky” to the haunting “Kylie Jones”, The Lucky Country celebrates & honours the patchwork of people who call this nation home.
With this endearing stellar cast, beaming with pride, inciting a collective heartbeat. The Lucky Country is intimate, heartfelt, revolutionary and an absolute privilege to witness. May you be lucky enough to see them at Southbank Theatre until the 18th of October.

