Into The Woods Jr.
Doncaster Playhouse Theatre
Wendy Samantha Productions
    • Published on July 15, 2025
    • By Penelope Quinn

Doncaster Playhouse
July 10, 2025 – July 13, 2025
More Info
Penelope is a 7-year old with an insatiable appetite for musical theatre. As our roving reporter for junior shows, she brings a child’s perspective to our coverage, offering unique insights.
As soon as we stepped into the venue, we noticed pine trees in the foyer and around the stage made everything feel like we were already in the woods before the show even began. The whole atmosphere was magical and everyone from the WSP team was super kind and welcoming, complete with a yummy selection of snacks available before the performance began.
The show itself was a vibrant reimagining of Into the Woods Jr. and it had the coolest twist… the costumes! They gave everything a modern flair that was clever and totally characterful. Rapunzel wore funky, jazzy pants that made her look like a fairytale fashion icon and Red Riding Hood had total popstar vibes. Jack rocked a snazzy puffer vest and glasses and the Witch, the Baker and his Wife wore plainer, pieces that perfectly showed their storybook struggles. It was a visual treat, so inventive and playful!
Wendy Samantha Productions has created a version of Into the Woods Jr. that was joyful and modern, full of heart and youth-powered magic. The Witch was old and a bit mean (but in a funny way). Cinderella had a gorgeous voice and Jack sang with so much feeling. The Prince Charming’s were absolutely hilarious and also had amazing voices and personalities.
One of my favourite scenes was the Wolf and Little Red Riding Hood. But my absolute favourite characters were Rapunzel, The Wolf and Little Red Riding Hood. They were amazing and I couldn’t stop watching them whenever they were on stage.
The way they used the stage space was so awesome, every performer brought something special to their role and it looked like they were all having so much fun.
This version of Into the Woods Jr. was really special because it had a fun, modern twist with the costumes, but the story still felt super magical. The cast all did such a good job. We left the theatre with a big smile and a full heart.

