The Little Mermaid Junior
Rowville Performing Arts Centre
Windmill Theatre Company Inc.
    • Published on April 12, 2025
    • By Penelope Quinn

Rowville Performing Arts Centre
April 9, 2025 – April 12, 2025
More Info
Penelope is a 7-year old with an insatiable appetite for musical theatre. As our roving reporter for junior shows, she brings a child’s perspective to our coverage, offering unique insights.
The Little Mermaid Junior by Windmill Theatre Company was such an awesome night out at the theatre!
From the moment we walked in, there were so many cute under the sea themed things, even the toilets were signed for mermaids & mermen! Everyone was so friendly in their Windmill theatre uniforms, the theatre seats were super comfy and I loved how the big thick stage curtains with the logo projected made the start of the show very exciting.
The sets were so clever! My favourite were the coral gardens made out of pool noodles in all the colours!
The makeup & costumes were also so clever, all the material contrasts and colours were amazing – they brought all the sea creatures to life on stage! There were sparkles, glitter, metallics, velvety and shiny crinkle-cut fabrics that flowed like ocean waves. There were dancers in costumes that looked like Ursula’s tentacles and seagulls with frilly bloomers. The hoop skirts were so big and bright they filled the whole stage with sparkle, colour and elegance.
There were programs, as well as fun merchandise, snacks (yum!) and even an awesome raffle! It had everything you could possibly want at a musical theatre show.
I was amazed by so many performers, all so inspiring and the dancers were outstanding. Sebastian (Benjamin Theoclitou) had such pizazz. Ariel (Ruby Proy) had a really pretty voice – just like a real Disney princess with her awesome Prince Eric (Jack Thompson). Flounder (Lucas Van Geyzel) was super cute and made everyone smile. Ursula (Charlotte Willis) was my favourite – she had so much sass and commanded the stage.
The Little Mermaid Junior was sea-sational, I left full of inspiration!

